h1. ant-colorfilter

An @awk@ colorizing filter for use with @ant@.

h2. How does it work?

It is a mere @awk@ script, that understands the general structure of @ant@ 's output and recognizes several elements, colorizes each part with escape codes, and outputs the result in the console.

Along with a shell script aimed at being used as an alias instead of @ant@.

h2. Installation

To install the files, use the following command:

bc. sudo make install

p. This will install into @/usr/local/bin/@, but you can change it by adding @PREFIX=/usr/bin@ as an argument.
The Bash completion hook will get installed into @/etc/bash_completion.d/@, you can change it by adding @COMPLETION_FOLDER=/your/path@ as an argument.

You can optionally make an alias to use @ant-color@ instead of raw @ant@. To do so append the following line in your @~/.bashrc@:

bc. alias ant="ant-color"
alias ant-nocolor="$(which ant)"

h2. Usage

Use @ant-color@ as a drop-in replacement for @ant@, see the alias presented in the installation section.

bc. ant-color {arguments}

p. Or use with manually appending the color filter after each @ant@ invocation:

bc. ant {arguments} | ant-colorfilter

p. The shell script is aimed at solving some problems that can arise when you press Ctrl+C with a forked @java@ task.
Please try and report any such problems, and tell me if they are solved with the @ant-color@ script.

h2. Uninstallation

Simply type:

bc. sudo make uninstall

p. Don't forget to use the same @PREFIX@ and @COMPLETION_FOLDER@ as at installation (normally not mentioned).

*This won't remove the alias* you may have installed yourself. Do it by hand.
